Ok so today we're going to process three files and we're going to write our own custom pipes.
So the first thing that you need to do is create this file here so search transactions are pipe dotted
TS So does the first fall that you need to create.
And then you need to populated with this short code.
First of all you have to import.
You have two imports here.
The first import imports pipe and pipe transform pipe is a decorator and we are using it to construct
a pipe out of a class basically.
So and pipe transform which is the second one here is an interface which we need to implement so that
our class could actually be a pipe or could act like a pipe anyway the one down below this is just import
transactions.
We have done that many times before.
So here you have that pipe.
This is a very similar tree component.
So here we will use a decorator pipe and we will give it a name which will be searched Crantz actions.
This is the name of the pipe and we will use and what we call this pipe we will use this name so we
will call it by this name down below.
We are basically creating a class search transactions pipe.
It is recommended that the names of these classes and basically with the pipe just the naming convention
but not strictly mandatory.
And then this implements pipe transform anyway.
They have a method down below which is transforms so transform method Z basically a method that every
pipe needs to have.
And we will call it when the data transformation call occurs within the hdmi cord later on but we actually
utilize it the first parameter that the pipe receives is basically the argument that stands are left
to the left of the pipe.
So you have like trance which basically stands for transactions.
Then you have basically just an array of transactions and you have a search query here.
The search queries the parameter by which we will conduct a search this will be a tag.
So when we go on to our site now you could actually search things by tags so all bills I have implemented
the code so I can do it now.
So if I type in builds everything with the tag bills will be displayed this is what we're doing now.
This is the bigger picture I guess.
We want to implement this form so we can search everything down below in terms of tags alone.
So if we type in a tag we will be able to find something that contains that particular tag and that
will be the search query so that will basically be a string which in turn will be the name of a tag
if the search query is equal to nothing.
Then just return all the transactions possible.
So
here if I put it as empty it's going to return to me all the existing transactions.
However if that is not the case then we will need to filter these transactions.
And for this we will need to use a filter method which is which is a parameter basically receives arrow
function here which will be called for every element of this array of transactions and for all the elements
for which this function returns true these elements will basically be shown on the screen.
So let's just go ahead and tear this apart and see what is what here.
So trance is basically the entry parameter and filter is basically a method for the erase it has a built
in method and then you have an arrow arrow syntax function.
Here T is the argument of the function and it represents one element of the array
tags as basically all the tags from the transaction.
So when you type in the dot tags those are all the tags of the transaction and index of the other built
in method for the array which searches for the index of the element which is basically search queries
to have a search query string which you populate with something with some sort of a tag on the site
so you type in something here like that or something bills electricity etc. you type in one of those
and if the element corresponds to or to that string this function will return the index of that particular
element.
If it does not exist however you have a piece of code here.
It will return minus one or if it does exist.
As I stated it will return the index of that particular element.
Now we need to go to details that component us and then we'll move on to D.H. to your mail.
So here we will import a new pipe that we just made so search transaction pipe and you have pipes here
where we simply state that we are going to use this pipe you can have multiple pipes here no problems.
But this is only used for custom pipes were built in pipes it do not.
It is not required for you to actually do this.
Now we need to scroll down for the most part remains the same.
Let me just go ahead and find it so we need a string.
We're looking for the string which is engine industry is up in tag's search query.
OK so here we are.
Sorry to be a bit of time to find out there's a lot of code here.
Anyway this is the string in which we will store our queries so when you type it in we'll use the string
to actually store it and then you have a method down search by tag.
This is a help function helper function that will be used when you click on search and it will store
de-valued that we enter into the string.
So you type in some value and it gets passed to the function.
It can be of any type because I was kind of lazy and then goes this Staggs search query which is the
string up above and then it equals the tag E-L dot value.
So we are pulling the value within a particular the amount element and we are putting it into this string.
Basically that's pretty much all that there is.
So the value the dot value just takes the value from the actually M-L element anyway.
Now we can go and switch to the details that compute and dot each DML and there is a little bit to explain
here.
These are just comments from before so I there's nothing new there.
I'm just looking for the search form.
Here we go.
So this search form.
It corresponds to this on the sites a search by Tag input field button search anyway.
All right.
So you have in line which basically just states that we want everything to be on one line search by
tag and the search button and input field so it's not one below the other.
You have pool right which basically outlines this form to the right.
In regard to the parent element and then you just have basically some bootstrap things down below for
styling it's a search tag a search by Tag it can have a look at it here it says search by tag and import
type text form control.
So Id be search tag and here is the interesting part.
It's a placeholder and that equals tag three lines so this is the default placeholder as you can see
here it says Tag.
And then three lines.
This counts as an empty field but it has a placeholder which is basically tacked on at three and three
dots
see and right after it we have a reference variable to this element because we're going to need to reuse
this element again.
So you have a button submit just like before.
Nothing special here.
It says click and on click you're calling a search by Tag method and to that search by Tag method you
are passing the reference to this input DML to this impot element here and then from that impalement
with a dot value with the dot value here you are pulling at the value that was basically entered some
sort of text that you've entered the name of the tag itself.
So that's basically that's basically it.
That's how you basically pull it.
And in addition in addition to all of that we just we're just going to get what we wanted in a field
so just show you that entire form represents this part here.
So if I type in
this is not going to yield any results but find a tape pin Bill.
Again I think it's because I'm going to get this one.
So everything stays here and this bill is.
Pay bills is the value that is pulled out of this e-mail input element.
And that is basically passed onwards to the method anyway.
Next thing that we have is that this part here but that part is nothing new that's old I'm just interested
in this part.
So this is for display transactions.
So we have an energy for.
But this is not exactly a for loop.
This is a 4.
This is more akin to the for each loop.
So it says alleged t of.
And then something here.
So let's go from left to right.
So you have trans which is passed to the pipe the pipe is search transactions.
Trance is the first argument that is passed to the pipe search transactions and then search transactions
also acts in there in regard to this which says underscore tag's search query.
So this is also the search query is also given to the pipe so that he knows how to utilize this information
because we have to we have to filter out what we are displayed here.
We cannot have all the search things we can cannot have all the transactions we just need the transaction
that we wanted.
So it says whatever comes out of this whatever is the result of this story it into T and then process
the down below.
And for as long as this is retaining values for as long as it has elements say they are being placed
into TI and this is repeated for every single valid element.
What I mean by that is if you type in bills this is going to repeat once if you type in nothing here
if this is empty it's going to go.
Everything is going to be valid and everything will be displayed on to the screen.
Anyway if you have any questions feel free to post them the discussion section.
For the time being I bid you farewell.